# pybullet_simplified_fetch

Creates a simplified Fetch (just a table, gripper, and some blocks) and then wraps it all up into an OpenAI Gym environment.

## Setup and Usage
1. Fix the URDF pathing: URDF's are weird about the paths for custom meshes
   (they can't be relative). I am using an Xacro file to help generate the
   URDF, though, and that has the `$(cwd)` macro. So if you have `xacro` you
   can fix the absolute paths in the URDF as easy as:
   ```
   cd ./simple_grasping/resources/
   xacro simplefetch.xacro > simplefetch.urdf
   ```
   Note that changing the directory here does matter, since this is checking the
   current working directory.  If that doesn't work for you, you could just edit
   the URDF directly and replace `/home/cst/code/pybullet_simplified_fetch/` with
   your path.

2. Create an agent: A sample RandomAgent is provided (`./randomagent.py`) to
   demonstrate this, and further documentation (below) should help outline
   what's happening here.

3. Run your agent: A sample file is provided for this too (`./sample_execution.py`).

## File Structure
```
├── randomagent.py                  (1)
├── sample_execution.py             (2)
└── simple_grasping
    ├── envs
    │   └── simple_grasping_env.py  (3)
    ├── resources
    │   ├── meshes                  (4)
    │   │   ├── gripper_base.stl
    │   │   ├── gripper_finger.stl
    │   │   └── table.stl
    │   ├── simplefetch.py          (5)
    │   ├── simplefetch.urdf        (6)
    │   └── simplefetch.xacro       (7)
    └── standard_interfaces.py      (8)
```

1. `randomagent.py`: A sample agent which operates by reading the observation,
   and then ignoring it to take some random action.
2. `sample_execution.py`: A sample main() function.
3. `simple_grasping_env.py`: The actual OpenAI Gym environment.
4. `meshes/` : STL's for objects in the environment.
5. `simplefetch.py`: pybullet interface for the simplified fetch model.
6. `simplefetch.urdf`: custom URDF for the simplified fetch. Autogenerated via
   the Xacro file.
7. `simplefetch.xacro`: Xacro file for URDF generation.
8. `standard_interfaces.py`: Making things a bit more concretely configured by
   passing around (for example) a `Observation` object rather than some
   arbitrary numpy array.
